albania-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Albania
andorra-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Andorra
argentina-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com                Argentina
armenia-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com                                 Armenia
australia-brisbane-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Australia Brisbane
australia-melbourne-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Australia - Melbourne
australia-perth-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Australia - Perth
australia-sydney-2-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Australia - Sydney - 2
australia-sydney-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Australia - Sydney
austria-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Austria
azerbaijan-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Azerbaijan
bahamas-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Bahamas
bangladesh-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Bangladesh
belarus-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Belarus
belgium-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Belgium
bhutan-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Bhutan
bosniaandherzegovina-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Bosnia And Herzegovina
brazil-2-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Brazil - 2
brazil-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Brazil
brunei-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Brunei
cambodia-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Cambodia
canada-montreal-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Canada - Montreal - 2
canada-montreal-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Canada - Montreal
canada-toronto-2-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Canada - Toronto - 2
canada-toronto-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Canada - Toronto
canada-vancouver-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Canada - Vancouver
chile-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Chile
colombia-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Colombia
costarica-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Costa Rica
croatia-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Croatia
cyprus-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Cyprus
czechrepublic-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Czech Republic
denmark-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Denmark
ecuador-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Ecuador
estonia-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Estonia
finland-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Finland
france-paris-1-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               France - Paris - 1
france-paris-2-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               France - Paris - 2
france-strasbourg-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               France - Strasbourg
georgia-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Georgia
germany-frankfurt-1-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Germany - Frankfurt - 1
germany-frankfurt-2-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Germany - Frankfurt - 2
germany-darmstadt-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Germany - Frankfurt - 3
germany-nuremberg-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Germany - Nuremberg
greece-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Greece
guatemala-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Guatemala
hongkong-2-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Hong Kong - 2
hongkong4-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Hong Kong - 4
hungary-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Hungary
iceland-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Iceland
india-chennai-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               India - Chennai
india-mumbai-1-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               India - Mumbai - 1
indonesia-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Indonesia
ireland-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Ireland
isleofman-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Isle Of Man
israel-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Israel
italy-cosenza-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Italy - Cosenza
italy-milan-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Italy - Milan
japan-kawasaki-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Japan - Kawasaki
japan-tokyo-1-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Japan - Tokyo - 1
japan-tokyo-2-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Japan - Tokyo - 2
jersey-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Jersey
kazakhstan-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Kazakhstan
kenya-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Kenya
kyrgyzstan-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Kyrgyzstan
laos-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Laos
latvia-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Latvia
liechtenstein-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Liechtenstein
lithuania-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Lithuania
luxembourg-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Luxembourg
macau-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Macau
malaysia-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Malaysia
malta-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Malta
mexico-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Mexico
moldova-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Moldova
monaco-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Monaco
mongolia-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Mongolia
montenegro-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Montenegro
myanmar-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Myanmar
nepal-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Nepal
netherlands-amsterdam-2-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Netherlands - Amsterdam - 2
netherlands-amsterdam-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Netherlands - Amsterdam
netherlands-rotterdam-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Netherlands - Rotterdam
netherlands-thehague-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Netherlands - The Hague
newzealand-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               New Zealand
macedonia-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               North Macedonia
norway-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Norway
pakistan-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Pakistan
panama-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Panama
peru-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Peru
ph-via-sing-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Philippines Via Singapore
poland-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Poland
portugal-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Portugal
romania-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Romania
serbia-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Serbia
singapore-cbd-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Singapore - CBD
singapore-jurong-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Singapore - Jurong
singapore-marinabay-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Singapore - Marina Bay
slovakia-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Slovakia
slovenia-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Slovenia
southafrica-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               South Africa
southkorea2-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               South Korea - 2
spain-barcelona-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Spain - Barcelona
spain-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Spain - Madrid
srilanka-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Sri Lanka
sweden-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Sweden
switzerland-2-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Switzerland - 2
switzerland-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Switzerland
taiwan-2-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Taiwan - 3
thailand-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Thailand
turkey-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Turkey
ukraine-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Ukraine
uk-berkshire-2-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               UK - Docklands(1)
uk-east-london-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               UK - East London(1)
uk-london-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               UK - London
uruguay-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Uruguay
usa-atlanta-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               USA - Atlanta
usa-chicago-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               USA - Chicago
usa-dallas-2-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               USA - Dallas - 2
usa-dallas-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               USA - Dallas
usa-denver-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               USA - Denver
usa-losangeles-1-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               USA - Los Angeles - 1
usa-losangeles-2-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               USA - Los Angeles - 2
usa-losangeles-3-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               USA - Los Angeles - 3
usa-los-angeles-4-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               USA - Los Angeles - 4
usa-losangeles5-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               USA - Los Angeles - 5
usa-losangeles-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               USA - Los Angeles
usa-miami-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               USA - Miami
usa-newjersey-1-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               USA - New Jersey - 1
usa-newjersey2-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               USA - New Jersey - 2
usa-newjersey-3-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               USA - New Jersey - 3
us-new-york-2-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               USA - New York - 2
usa-newyork-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               USA - New York
usa-saltlakecity-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               USA - Salt Lake City
usa-sanfrancisco-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               USA - San Francisco
usa-seattle-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               USA - Seattle
usa-tampa-1-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               USA - Tampa - 1
usa-washingtondc-2-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               USA - Washington DC - 2
usa-washingtondc-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               USA - Washington DC
uzbekistan-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Uzbekistan
venezuela-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Venezuela
vietnam-ca-version-2.expressnetw.com               Vietnam
